Goals:
- Be able to draw anywhere on the screen
- Take screenshots of the screen with all the drawing on the screen
- Be able to remove drawing with ctrl+z and then back with ctrl+y as ussual
- Be able to switch the app off when it is not needed 
- The app shoud have some ui for more advanced features, but for most of the time it 
  will be transparent and the user will just toggle in on/off with a shourtcut and then draw on the scree  

todo:
- Test hooks for getting events from the system
- Read what martins said on discord about the gpu api instead of bitblt

idea:
- I dont think i need to intercept inputs on windows and then give some of them back.
  I dont really feel like that would do much, most of the inputs are still shared,
  so we would have to inroduce 2 state, the draw state and the app interaction state
  either way. Also it is harder to inroduce hooks to the system. Might be better to just
  create a global shortcut like for screenshots on windows and it will just open a window
  with no animation and put it in place to then draw. Then the same shortcut will
  make that window to just be removed with no animation. This might also make it simpler
  since the user wont have to have a redraw widnow running all the time
- The screen shot utility on windows just takes a screen shot and then you can get the part that you want 
  from it and save it.
  I dont need that cause i want to be able to play Heartstone and draw onthe scren, for that i need the 
  dresktop to keep drawin. For that i would then need to be able to draw the desktop on the window.
  So i need to be able to open the draw window, close window, draw the desktop in it, so looks like i draw on the desktop.

- I want to be able to draw on the screen while it is updating. So if i am wating a videa and i draw i
  want that video to keep playing and i will render it. 
  I also want to be able to see the drawing after i stop drawing and start interaction with the app.
  For that i need to have a window that draw all the rest of the thing.
  For that we need to have 2 things. Maximized or fullscreen window with no border or animation,
  inside of it we render the desktop. Intercept all the inputs. If we are in the draw mode, then we 
  use them to draw. If we are in the interaction mode, then we pass the inputs back to the system.
  This will allow us to have a shortcut that will switch between those 2 and let us quickly 
  draw and then use the desktop like ussual. 
  Details:
    - What about the task bar? Do hooks also intercept the events to the task bar?
      If they dont i wil only be able to support drawing in the Maximized app area.
      If they do, then i will be able to draw everywhere.
  Or maybe we dont need hooks if there is a way to just make a window sit on top of other windows 
  but just pass through event in the interaction mode and not do it in the draw mode.

- IPC the data you need. Since we just pass the events through, just pass them in
  and whene we draw we wont need much, since the window is fullscreen, we will just 
  have it be using its own events
